Fix addAssociation, addDiscriminatorColumn and addOverride on DoctrineCollector (#184)
sonata-project/sonata-doctrine-extensions: UPGRADE-1.x.md

UPGRADE 1.x
===========

### `Sonata\Doctrine\Mapper\DoctrineCollector`

> Not passing an integer as the second parameter of
> `addInheritanceType` is deprecated, you should pass
> an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated passing other type than integer as argument 2 for `addInheritanceType()`.
```

### `Sonata\Doctrine\Mapper\ORM\DoctrineORMMapper`

> Not passing an array as the third parameter of
> `addAssociation` is deprecated, you should pass an array.
> Not passing an array as the second parameter of
> `addDiscriminatorColumn` is deprecated, yo should pass an array.
> Not passing an array as the third parameter of
> `addOverride` is deprecated, you should pass an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated passing other type than array as argument 3 for `addAssociation()`.
Deprecated passing other type than array as argument 2 for `addDiscriminatorColumn()`.
Deprecated passing other type than array as argument 3 for `addOverride()`.
```
